Establish Your Own Private Marketplace.
    Majjaka's CaS (Content and Search) allows you to create, review and publish content for your purchasing needs.
    Upload your content data either as a supplier user or a buyer user.
    Review and approve/reject content based on your current supplier agreements.  
    Create catalogs with approved products & services using the simple to use data management tools.
    Configure your freetext items with eForms and publish your catalogs based on your company's purchasing policies.  
    Majjaks's search component allows end user's to easily find products & services of their choice.
    It also helps in identifying the available services with the existing suppliers.
    End users can save their recurring purchases as favourite carts and easily transfer that to their shopping cart for check out.
    Recently viewed products & services feature helps in future transactions.
    Top purchased products & services in the organization helps with a quick feedback on the quality.
       
Making Procurement Simple
    Majjaka's Shop enhances your end user experience by an intuitive and a consumer friendly interface for purchasing. 
    Increase user adoption by eliminating 2/3 of the process steps with a 2 click shopping cart checkout process.
    Assisted buying helps enduser in finding the correct product or service or supplier that he or she is looking for. 
    Higher user adoption leads to better contract compliance there by fastening your return on investment 
    It greatly reduce maverick buying by easy to use purchase requistions forms
    Supports limit orders for long running agreements with suppliers.
    Roles & authorizations have been defined based on best procurement practices, thereby reducing the need for custom development.
    Highly flexible workflow set up for financial and commodity approvals.
    Once a while manager users will find application usage pretty simple and can be accessed on any handheld device. 
    Customer admins can easily set up application configuration & data maintenance for regular updates.
    Integrated collaboration tools for communication, support, & transparency.
    Emails & Notifications on registrations, approvals, orders, confirmations etc.
    Application monitoring and admin reports for operational needs.

Enhanced Control on End User Spending 
    Majjaka's Org Model gives you the flexibility in controlling content visibility for your end users.                                   
    Assign roles based on user's profile and nature of work in the organization.
    Helps in streamlining of end user's spending behaviour by finding the relevant content.  
    Personalizes end user's experience by allowing to configure user specific purchasing set up.
    Can be also used for configuring separate or mixed purchasing set ups with in the same organization based on individual business needs.
    Workload re-distribution can be easily established based on the categorization of the purchase.   
    
Supplier Self Services
    Majjaka's S3 helps in managing all the activities related to supplier's enablement.
    Supplier classification based on various attributes (Preferred for requisition, preferred for limit order, pre-qualified for sourcing etc)
    Helps suppliers to upload buyer specific content into Majjaka's CaS.
    Self service supplier registration and profile management.
    Suppliers can view and respond to purchase orders from different buyers.
    Incase of limit orders, suppliers can submit service entry sheets/timesheets for buyer's approval.
    Collaboration tools for communication, queries & transparency.

ERP Cloud Integration
    Majjaka's Ice, the integration app can connect to multiple ERP systems.
    An inbound connection is set up for accounting data, user data & supplier master data.
    Account assignment categories such as cost centres, project numbers, generic account assignments are supported.
    An outbound connection is established to send/recieve document data such as shopping carts, purchase order, change orders & goods reciept.

Data Archival
    Majjaka's History helps in regular archival of your procurement data.
    Gives instant access to your historical data within your business context. 
    Role based access with configurable options on the data visibility. Can be controlled based on your organization set up
    Regular movement of active data to archival data reduces administrative costs, resource consumption and hardware costs.
    It greatly enhances system performance, application's response time and system availability.
    Ensures compliance and reduce risks by securing long-term archiving of your data needs for audit and compliance.
    Total cost of ownership (TCO) of your IT landscape goes down. 



  
  

  


    

 